hi guys today's video is going to be my
top 10 favorite lipsticks for fall I'm
seeing as it's already almost September
basically and people are already going
back to school I figured I'd do this for
people who want to transition over into
autumn like myself and I already did a
blog post on my top five so I will link
that down below and I will mention those
first just in case that just in case
there are people who don't read my blog
but if in case you do then you can skip
down to this little number right here
and that will take you to my other five
that I will mention later so I want to
first start off with this um mac limited
edition lipstick I'm sorry this is in
addition this was in there a pristiq
collection I think and this is a satin
this is called hot chocolate and I
already just watches on my hand you can
see here I tried to fill in this video
and i did and i accidentally deleted it
before I could even edit it on iMovie so
I'm doing this again so let's pray that
I don't delete it this time anyways this
is what I should I probably shouldn't do
that ok this is what hot chocolate looks
like it is a topi plum it's very brown
on the lips so if you're not someone who
really likes that um obviously you can't
buy this anymore but if you do have this
I suggest that you use it over a or
under a gloss such as us a like Revlon
already have it ready so this is
revlon's orchid as you can see they kind
of matched in undertone and this is kind
of like a plum like frosty plum this
adds dimension to the flat color I
really like it um I think it's a unique
color and I don't mind rocking that kind
of color anyway on to the next one this
is Revlon matte lipstick and fabulous
fig one of my all-time favorites
unfortunately I think this is
being discontinued um but I still I
found it on the walmart website so i
don't know if it's still selling but if
you can find this um it's a gorgeous
gorgeous colors my all-time favorite
color and lipstick um this is what looks
like right there like I said it's a
matte finish and i love the revlon um
matte lipsticks in general i think
they're really nice and go on really
smooth um but that's fabulous fig it's a
beautiful burnt red and it leans more
crimson I would say and when you build
this up it just looks so so pretty on
the lips it's like one of my all-time
favorites and then I have NARS damned
this is one of their Velvet Matte limp
limp lip pencils I can't talk today
that's what it looks like right there it
is a almost vibrant plum it kind of
leans more red when you compare it to
like Mac rebel so that's rebel that is
damned and a rebel is a satin finish
which will also stain your lips so this
is going to be like your plum lipstick
if you want a plum go for rebel it is it
could be sheer on the lips or you could
build it up to a more deeper plum and
then lastly my top five this is um
wet'n'wild black orchid this is one of
their 99 cents lipsticks and it's super
smooth super creamy and pigmented and
that is the color right there if you're
looking for a dark vampy deep red
oxblood color that is the one to go for
wet'n'wild black orchid and that is my
top five next one is another revlon
lipstick this is part of their super
lustrous line and it kind of looks like
fabulous fig except it's not um Matt
this is spicy cinnamon and actually used
this on this past weekend on a bride
that I was doing and she loved the color
she said it was perfect like throwback
red color for her because she's really
old school so um I really like it I
think it's on the more wearable side of
red like it's not so vibrant it's more
of like a deep muted red but not so
crimson I would say and that is a pearl
finish although I would say that's like
a satin finish because I can't tell that
it's pearl on the lips and then i have
l'oreal persistent plum this is one of
their lim not limited edition um ring
for it okay this is why they're
infallible LaRouche lipsticks and it
looks like this this is one of my newest
favorites and I've really been enjoying
it actually this is what looked like it
is a red with a hint of plum so like a
tiny smidge of plum it kind of its kind
of reminiscent to Dan by NARS except
it's more red as you can see and it's
more rich as well so these these lasts
all day if you want a deep lipstick that
is full-on color won't fade away all day
this is a lipstick to go for have
another mac lipstick this is their Viva
Glam one this is a matte red this is
super pigmented as well this is going to
be your classic red I would say that
this is more deep than your average red
I would say so it's classic but it pulls
more deeper undertones and that's why i
love it for fall actually haven't had
much use out of this so i do plan on
wearing this so next is Maybelline bit
of Barry this is what it looks like bit
of Barry this is going to be your moth
so everything else is more plums and
reds this is going to be your moth your
mom pink for every day and I really like
the Maybelline sensational lipsticks I
think they're wonderful for the
drugstore they're really creamy but they
can be a little bit drying so watch out
for that lastly is a lip gloss I kind of
wanted to mention a lip gloss in this
this is a new drug store item this is
from almay this is one of their liquid
lip balms and i really like it i think
it's a gorgeous um color for every day
so you can see it's a little sheer on
the lips but the moisturizing properties
in this make it kind of worth it because
they go on so smooth and really thin
they don't feel as thick icy like a
Revlon a super luscious lip gloss those
are really thick and really pigmented
whereas these are like we're sure but
they're really really moisturizing so
for the fall and winter these can be
really nice especially if you want like
the moisturizing properties of a lip
balm but don't really want to add more
color to your lips this will just make
your lips look more healthy without
adding like a vibrant color to it just
make your lips look better than they
really are if that makes sense so that
is my completed list of my top 10
favorite SI fall/winter lip colors so I
hope you guys enjoyed this if you do
have any dupes or recommendations for
any of these lipsticks please list them
down below especially if you have any
that are high-end or like luxury I would
love to know your recommendations
because I am I just I'm trying to stop
up and more like higher-end lipsticks
because i have so many drug store just
really looking into expanding my
lipstick collection and some more
high-end so yeah um thanks so much for
watching i will talk to you guys later
please follow me down below in my links
I have an Instagram and Twitter and
Facebook and all of that so I will see
you guys in my next video and thank you
for watching
you